What's going on in the living room?
It's so noisy!
What's going on?
Don't worry, everything will be fine.
Hold on, I'll be right back with your drink.
I'll be right back.
What do you mean by, I can't go?
What do you mean?
Take care, and let me know when you get home.
Take care.
I meant to call you but it completely
slipped my mind.
It slipped my mind.
It's late.
Let's call it a day.
I'm busy now, but I'll call you back later.
I'll call you back.
I can't go out tonight.
I'm broke, I'm broke, I'm broke, I'm
broke, I'm broke.
No way.
Are you really moving to Paris?
Watch your step.
The floor is slippery.
Hang on.
I'll be right with you.
Let's catch up soon.
I miss our chaps.
Let's catch up.
Come on.
We're gonna be late.
Thank you for your help.
Don't mention it.
You got the job.
That's awesome.
I can tell you're tired.
Go take a break.
I can tell.
I wish I could help.
But it's out of my hands.
It's out of my hands.
I can't stand it when people chew loudly.
I can't stand it.
You look upset.
What's the matter?
Don't stress out.
It's not a big deal.
It was strange at first, but now I'm used
to it.
I'm used to it.
I see what you mean, but I still think we
should try.
I see what you mean.
You can choose the restaurant.
It's up to you.
It's up to you I'm in a hurry so I can't
stay in chat I'm in a hurry Don't give up
You got this You got this I couldn't care
less about the drama at work I couldn't
care less You won the lottery?
You kidding?
Hold on, please Don't fall in love too
fast I don't want you to wait any longer
Let's get this over with Let's get this
over with Let's get this over with
Let's get this over with
This noise is unbearable I can't take it
anymore I can't take it anymore
Don't argue with him It's not worth it
It's not worth it His explanation doesn't
make any sense to me It doesn't make any
sense I laugh every time, I just can't
help it I can't help it.
I can't help it.